README.md, before:

Welcome to my implementation of the Restaurant Menu/Restaurant Database project from Udacity.
This program's intended purpose is to keep a database of restaurants and their menus, while
providing a user-friendly webpage to navigate the database. The main objectives of this
course were:
 - Allow the user to navigate a database of restaurants and their menus
 - Allow the user to add, edit, or remove restaurants
 - Allow the user to add, edit, or remove restaurant menu items
 - Add API calls for: a list of restaurants, a restaurant's menu, a particular menu item
 - Display html pages in a user-friendly manner by adding css

## Run the web server with:
```python finalproject.py```

## Steps for dependencies:
```
## Install dependencies.
apt-get -qqy install make zip unzip postgresql

apt-get -qqy install python3 python3-pip
pip3 install --upgrade pip
pip3 install flask packaging oauth2client redis passlib flask-httpauth
pip3 install sqlalchemy flask-sqlalchemy psycopg2-binary bleach requests

apt-get -qqy install python python-pip
pip2 install --upgrade pip
pip2 install flask packaging oauth2client redis passlib flask-httpauth
pip2 install sqlalchemy flask-sqlalchemy psycopg2-binary bleach requests
```

Commit message:

Add steps to initialize db

README.md, after:

Welcome to my implementation of the Restaurant Menu/Restaurant Database project from Udacity.
This program's intended purpose is to keep a database of restaurants and their menus, while
providing a user-friendly webpage to navigate the database. The main objectives of this
course were:
 - Allow the user to navigate a database of restaurants and their menus
 - Allow the user to add, edit, or remove restaurants
 - Allow the user to add, edit, or remove restaurant menu items
 - Add API calls for: a list of restaurants, a restaurant's menu, a particular menu item
 - Display html pages in a user-friendly manner by adding css

## Initialize the database with:
```python database_setup.py```

## (Optional) Populate the database with values:
Note: These values were provided by the Udacity course
```python lotsofmenus.py```

## Run the web server with:
```python finalproject.py```
#### Or to detach it:
```python finalproject.py &```

## Steps for dependencies:
```
## Install dependencies.
apt-get -qqy install make zip unzip postgresql

apt-get -qqy install python3 python3-pip
pip3 install --upgrade pip
pip3 install flask packaging oauth2client redis passlib flask-httpauth
pip3 install sqlalchemy flask-sqlalchemy psycopg2-binary bleach requests

apt-get -qqy install python python-pip
pip2 install --upgrade pip
pip2 install flask packaging oauth2client redis passlib flask-httpauth
pip2 install sqlalchemy flask-sqlalchemy psycopg2-binary bleach requests
```
